Add global warning and info page for ShARC decommissioning. (#1830)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: sharc/sharc-decommissioning.rst

.. _sharc_decommissioning:

ShARC decommissioning
=====================

**ShARC will be decommissioned on 30th November 2023, after which time users will no longer be able to access that cluster and any jobs running or 
queueing at that time will be cancelled.**

> Once ShARC has been decommissioned and all data securely deleted the system is to be donated to the `Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv <http://www.univ.kiev.ua/en/>`_.

Author: This is incorrect and needs amendment to: 

```suggestion
Once ShARC has been decommissioned and all data securely deleted the system is to be donated to the `Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute <https://kpi.ua/en>`_ in Kyiv, Ukraine.
```

* to equivalent areas on Bessemer or Stanage or

* to **/shared/GROUPNAME** areas, which can be made accessible from Bessemer or from Stanage login nodes if they aren't already.

For guidance on moving your data please see our page on :ref:`transferring files<transferring_files>`.

----

ShARC specific shared filestorage areas will no longer be accessible
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Shared application installations within **/usr/local** on ShARC (including **/usr/local/packages** and **/usr/local/community**) will not be accessible after the decommissioning date.

Equivalent shared application installation areas will be made available on the Stanage cluster prior to the ShARC decommissioning.

----

Stanage is our recommended target for migration 
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Stanage is our newest HPC cluster and is the logical successor to ShARC; it is well suited to running larger parallel jobs spanning multiple nodes and benefits from a high-performance network interconnect between nodes.  

> As Bessemer only permits single node execution and has approximately 18 months of life left, we recommend that ShARC users preferentially migrate workloads to Stanage instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Bessemer only permits single node execution and is several years older than Stanage, we recommend that ShARC users preferentially migrate workloads to Stanage instead.
```
